1 Software Details
1.1 Prediction Algorithm Section
Firstly, introduce the dataset section. The dataset simulates the operating status of sewage treatment. The file for the dataset is shujuji.csv. 
The corresponding explanations for each column of data are as follows:
·ID: The number of the data. There are a total of 260 pieces of data.
·Temperature: The temperature of sewage.
·Flow: The flow rate of sewage.
·PH: The pH value in sewage.
·Data_ In_ COD: The concentration of COD in the sewage at the inlet.
·NH3_ N: The concentration of ammonia nitrogen in sewage.
·Total_ Nitrogen: The total nitrogen concentration in sewage.
·Data_ Out_ COD: The concentration of COD in the sewage at the outlet.

Secondly, it is the model part for prediction.
·BP: COD_ BP. ipynb is the prediction model for BP.
·LSTM: COD_ LSTM.ipynb is the prediction model for LSTM.
·GRU: COD_ GRU. ipynb is the prediction model for GRU.
·FNN: COD_ FNN1. ipynb and COD_ FNN2. ipynb are both predictive models of FNN. COD_ FNN1.ipnb is the model for calculating FNN weights. 
W1. npy, c1. npy, and b1. npy are the weight generated by COD_FNN1 ipynb. Pass these weights into COD_ FNN2.ipynb. COD_ FNN2.ipnb is the prediction model for FNN.
·Transformer: COD_ Transformer. ipynb is the prediction model for Transformer. Transformer_Result contains the following three folders and one result file. 
Loss stores the loss after each training round, i.e. the predicted the gap of predictive value y and the true value y_ . 
Includes the loss of the training set and the loss of the prediction set. The model stores the trained model parameters. 
Prediction is the result of predicting the training set after the last round of training. The convolution information of weight convolution is stored. 
The result.csv stores the results that reflect the model information, with specific values as: 
count, mse, rmse, mae, mape, r2, r2_adjusted, rmsle, learning_rate, batch_size, epoch, weight_decay, use_more_gpu, device, feature_size, num_layers, dropout.

Finally, there is the drawing of the prediction chart section. 
The show folder is the drawing section. Where show.py is the code for drawing. 
BP_ Data.csv is the comparison between the true value and predictive value generated by BP. 
LSTM_ Data.csv is the comparison between the true value and predictive value generated by LSTM. 
GRU_ Data.csv is the comparison between the true value and predictive value generated by GRU. 
FNN_ Data.csv is the comparison between the true value and predictive value generated by FNN. 
Transformer.csv is the comparison between the true value and predictive value generated by the Transformer. 
Transformer_ Data.csv is the file after modifying the format of transformer.csv.

1.2 Digital Twins Section
In the digitaltwins folder, digitaltwins_zyh.unitypackage is a Digital Twins package that needs to be imported into Unity3D for operation. 
Roam the scene through the WASD of the keyboard and the scroll wheel of the mouse. Clicking on the flashing red fault alarm will reveal the cause of the fault. 
Devices that can be automatically repaired will ask if they want to be automatically repaired. 
Clicking the predict button will result in a prediction of COD concentration in sewage.

1.3 Augmented Reality Section
In the ar folder, ar_anzhuangbao.1 is an installation package for mobile tablets, which needs to be downloaded to scannable devices such as mobile phones or tablets. 
Test.jpg is the image to be scanned,  Firstly, download the software from the ar_anzhuangbao.1 installation package. Next, open ar on your phone or tablet. 
Finally, scan the image of test.jpg to see Augmented Reality. Ar_ Zyh. unitypackage is the code part of Augmented Reality that needs to be imported into Unity3D. 
Among them, it is no necessary to run ar_zyh.unitypackage on your device. Augmented Reality can still be used by installing ar_anzhuangbao.1.


2 Installation and Instructions
2.1 Installation of Python Algorithms
Python requires installation of Pandas, Matplotlib, Skylearn, and TensorFlow. 
The specific installation depends on which one is missing from your computer according to the running prompts.These can be installed through pip.

2.2 The Use of Unity3D
The version of Unity3D is Unity 2020.3.24f1c2 (64 bit). Higher versions can also be used, while lower versions may occasionally encounter incompatibilities.
